The sync_ad.py script creates the ability to sync users from Active
Directory directly into the Philips product, in conjunction with the
remoteauth overlay that has been configured for slapd.  It will query the
configured group in AD for a list of users to create in Pinnacle. It calls
add_pinn_user.pl directly, so do not pre-create these users. Generally once
the configuration is working it is expected that the sync_ad.py script will
be executed periodically, for example from a cron job.  The configuration
file is passed in via the -c argument.  I.e.:

/path/to/sync_ad.py -c /path/to/provisioning.conf

Configuration:
-------------------------------------
A sample configuration for the sync_ad.py script is provided.  It is named
provisioning.conf.  There are several portions that will need to be modified
to work on a deployment.  Configuration options starting with a ; are
considered as commented out and ignored.

--- Config directives that need modification ---
------------------------------------------------
In the [upstream] section:

uri -> This parameter should be an LDAP URI that points to the AD server
from which the group should be found.

base -> the root of the LDAP DIT in the upstream AD server to query the AD
group from

starttls -> Should be set to yes or no, depending on the upstream AD
configuration.  Controls whether or not to use the LDAPv3 startTLS
operation on ldap:/// URIs

tls_cacertfile -> If TLS is being used to connect to AD, points to the file
which contains the CA certificate for the AD server so the cert can be
validated.

binddn -> The DN to use when binding to the AD server

password -> The password to use in conjunction with the above binddn when
binding to the AD server
-----

In the [handler] section:

domain -> The AD domain that should be set in the user entries for
remoteauth.  This should probably match the default AD domain configured
for remoteauth.

group_dn -> The DN of the group in AD from which to sync users into the
Pinnacle application.
-----

In the [debug] section:

level -> The debug level to use.  Defaults to info, can also be debug for
fuller debugging information when troubleshooting.
